README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/caneco/image/upload/w_1732,q_80/v1556208548/caneco.xyz/design-tips/design-tips_caneco_xyz_e7igfa.jpg" alt="">
<p>

<br>

# The “🔥 Design Tips” series, now in TailwindCSS

If you know the collection of design tips that Steve Schoger has been sharing on twitter for the past years now made with TailwindCSS (and HTML).

This might be helpful to Tailwind newcommers or someone that needs the markup for a component – Feel free to use them.

## The Collection

**There are the ones done so far...**

- [ ] [20170606 - Add a Hint Color to Bring Liveliness](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/872114194816126977)
- [x] [20170607 - Use Icon on Unordered list](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/872478203016826880) 👉 [design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170607](https://design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170607)
- [x] [20170608](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/872865304719892480) 👉 [design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170608](https://design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170608)
- [ ] [20170612](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/874333097168314370)
- [ ] [20170620](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/877209916179709955)
- [ ] [20170731](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/892077100705996801)
- [x] [20170816](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/897849211110273024) 👉 [design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170816](https://design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170816)
- [x] [20170907](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/905830324139155458) 👉 [design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170907](https://design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170907)
- [x] [20170919](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/910162010754748416) 👉 [design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170919](https://design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170919)
- [ ] [20170927](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/913062604540653568)
- [ ] [20171116](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/931198630333165568)
- [ ] [20171214](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/941378205549809669)
- [ ] [20180116](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/953297226985549825)
- [ ] [20180227](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/968519052800024577)
- [ ] [20180319](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/975796307196604417)
- [ ] [20180328](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/979055525060055040)
- [ ] [20180401](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/1112731452704202752)
- [ ] [20180404](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/981606881255976961)
- [ ] [20180509](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/994234772502339586)
- [ ] [20180517](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/997125312411570176)
- [ ] [20180801](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/1024720091546562560)
- [ ] [20180816](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/1030141801158594560)
- [x] [20180927](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/1045371124274483200) 👉 [design-tips.caneco.xyz/20180927](https://design-tips.caneco.xyz/20180927)
- [ ] [20181102](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/1058398981888376832)
- [ ] [20181119](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/1064541476615593984)

## Community

Don't forget to join the official [TailwindCSS Discord Server](https://discord.gg/7NF8GNe).

## Credits

Tailored by @caneco; designed by @steveschoger && @adamwathan.

Commit message:

changes url to make it human friendly

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/caneco/image/upload/w_1732,q_80/v1556208548/caneco.xyz/design-tips/design-tips_caneco_xyz_e7igfa.jpg" alt="">
<p>

<br>

# The “🔥 Design Tips” series, now in TailwindCSS

If you know the collection of design tips that Steve Schoger has been sharing on twitter for the past years now made with TailwindCSS (and HTML).

This might be helpful to Tailwind newcommers or someone that needs the markup for a component – Feel free to use them.

## The Collection

**There are the ones done so far...**

- [ ] [20170606 - Add a hint color to bring liveliness](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/872114194816126977)
- [x] [20170607 - Use icon on unordered list](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/872478203016826880) 👉 [Sample](https://design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170607)
- [x] [20170608 - Playing with weight to make the state obvious](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/872865304719892480) 👉 [Sample](https://design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170608)
- [ ] [20170612 - Saturate the text on colored background](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/874333097168314370)
- [ ] [20170620 - Give shadow to box to make it looks natural](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/877209916179709955)
- [ ] [20170731 - Overlapping element to encourage user to scroll](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/892077100705996801)
- [x] [20170816 - Less border, less busy, more subtle](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/897849211110273024) 👉 [Sample](https://design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170816)
- [x] [20170907 - Organizing form with two columns](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/905830324139155458) 👉 [Sample](https://design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170907)
- [x] [20170919 - Emphasize or de-emphasize with color and font weight](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/910162010754748416) 👉 [Sample](https://design-tips.caneco.xyz/20170919)
- [ ] [20170927 - Refactoring cramped table design idea](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/913062604540653568)
- [ ] [20171116 - Putting shape on app icon](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/931198630333165568)
- [ ] [20171214 - Styling content to make it easy to read](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/941378205549809669)
- [ ] [20180116 - Website dropdown menu idea](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/953297226985549825)
- [ ] [20180227 - Practical using of line-height](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/968519052800024577)
- [ ] [20180319 - Playing color theory with saturation background](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/975796307196604417)
- [ ] [20180328 - Make different sized font to 'fell' like on same weight](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/979055525060055040)
- [ ] [20180401 - Using shades and hue color on chart to make it color blind friendly](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/1112731452704202752)
- [ ] [20180404 - Clean design with Overlapping images](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/981606881255976961)
- [ ] [20180509 - Polishing pricing section idea](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/994234772502339586)
- [ ] [20180517 - Represent data on visual in a more interesting way](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/997125312411570176)
- [ ] [20180801 - Get creative with radio button interface](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/1024720091546562560)
- [ ] [20180816 - Get creative with table design to make it more interesting](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/1030141801158594560)
- [x] [20180927 - Avoiding struggle with contrast between text and background](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/1045371124274483200) 👉 [Sample](https://design-tips.caneco.xyz/20180927)
- [ ] [20181102 - Design empty state in exciting and helpful ways](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/1058398981888376832)
- [ ] [20181119 - Using subtle inner shadow over border on image](https://twitter.com/steveschoger/status/1064541476615593984)

## Community

Don't forget to join the official [TailwindCSS Discord Server](https://discord.gg/7NF8GNe).

## Credits

Tailored by @caneco; designed by @steveschoger && @adamwathan.
